# Summary
Integration between the Musician Dial and Guitar Vault to log timed practice sessions.
 
 ## Musician Dial
Connect to my Guitar Collection in Guitar Vault and display a side-swipeable view of each guitar in the colleciton (using the Guitar Vault image and name for each guitar).  At the bottom of each Guitar's view provide a "Start Practice" button (Same green color as the metronome start button).  This button starts a timer and the "Start Practice" button turns into a "End Practice" button in the same red color as the metronome stop button. 

When "End Practice" is tapped, a dialog box opens up highlighting the details of the practice session (Line 1: Guitar Name Line 2: Practice Session Duration in hh:mm:ss format.  Below the session details, provide a simple tap mechanism of a 1-5 ranking from Unhappy to Happy on how the user felt the session went.  Provide "Log Session" and "Forget Session" buttons that activate once a Sad/Happy ranking is selected. 

"Forget Session" should prompt the user for final confirmation that practice session details will be deleted.  "Log Session" should connect to Guitar Vault and create a Practice Session entry for the guitar that was selected on the Musician Dial.
 
 ## Guitar Vault
Guitar Vault will need an additional section for "Practice Sessions".  Practice Sessions should map to a specific guitar that was used.  A Practice Session can be entered similarly to a Maintenance Record, either directly from a specific guitar in the collection or from a "Log Practice Session" tile on the landing page. Practice Session entries must have a 1. guitar selected (either pulled directly from the guitar detail page or from a user prompt via drop-down by using the tile) 2. The time the logged session was created, the duration of the session in hh:mm:ss format, and a 1-5 ranking from Unhappy to Happy on how the user felt the session went.
 
Practice Sessions need to be able to be remotely generated by Musician Dial, which should securely communicate to Guitar Vault via a user API key.  This ensures that a user can only see their data.